graph                class                       label                                   count
agro:uniprot.plants  agrold:Protein                                                      "1405444"^^xsd:integer
agro:rapdb           agrold:mRNA                                                         "52807"^^xsd:integer
agro:rap.msu         agrold:Gene                                                         "66100"^^xsd:integer
agro:rap.msu         agrold:mRNA                                                         "43099"^^xsd:integer
agro:qtaro.qtl       agrold_resource:QTL                                                 "17"^^xsd:integer
agro:qtaro.genes     agrold_resource:Gene                                                "1008"^^xsd:integer
agro:plantftdb       agrold:Transcription_Factor                                         "58"^^xsd:integer
agro:oryzabase.genes agrold:Gene                                                         "17879"^^xsd:integer
agro:msu.genes       agrold:mRNA                                                         "66338"^^xsd:integer
agro:msu.genes       agrold:Gene                                                         "55986"^^xsd:integer
agro:msu.genes       agrold:Chromosome                                                   "14"^^xsd:integer
agro:interprodb      agrold:Protein_Domain                                               "9873"^^xsd:integer
agro:gramene.cyc     agrold:Reaction                                                     "31"^^xsd:integer
agro:gramene.cyc     agrold:Metabolic_Pathway                                            "21"^^xsd:integer
agro:gramene.cyc     agrold:Protein                                                      "19"^^xsd:integer
agro:gramene.cyc     agrold:Gene                                                         "7"^^xsd:integer
agro:genome.hub      agrold:mRNA                                                         "410042"^^xsd:integer
agro:genome.hub      agrold:Gene                                                         "273282"^^xsd:integer
agro:genome.hub      agrold:Protein                                                      "52424"^^xsd:integer
agro:genome.hub      agrold:Chromosome                                                   "88"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0000147              "exon"^^xsd:string                      "3388989"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:Gene                                                         "1370474"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0000234              "mRNA"^^xsd:string                      "783129"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:Protein                                                      "777635"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0001217              "protein_coding_gene"^^xsd:string       "596633"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0001263              "ncRNA_gene"^^xsd:string                "28667"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:tRNA                                                         "17674"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:nontranslating_CDS                                           "9288"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0000253              "tRNA"^^xsd:string                      "8837"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:snoRNA                                                       "8290"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:lncRNA                                                       "7360"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0001877              "lnc_RNA"^^xsd:string                   "7155"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:lincRNA                                                      "5064"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:ncRNA                                                        "4807"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:rRNA                                                         "4348"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:pre_miRNA                                                    "4176"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0000275              "snoRNA"^^xsd:string                    "4145"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:snRNA                                                        "3248"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0000655              "ncRNA"^^xsd:string                     "2710"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:pseudogene                                                   "2320"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0000252              "rRNA"^^xsd:string                      "2174"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0001244              "pre_miRNA"^^xsd:string                 "2088"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0000274              "snRNA"^^xsd:string                     "1624"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:miRNA                                                        "1428"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:sense_intronic                                               "1386"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0000336              "pseudogene"^^xsd:string                "1174"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0000516              "pseudogenic_transcript"^^xsd:string    "1174"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0000276              "miRNA"^^xsd:string                     "714"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:SRP_RNA                                                      "426"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:transposable_element                                         "383"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0000101              "transposable_element"^^xsd:string      "220"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0000590              "SRP_RNA"^^xsd:string                   "213"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0000111              "transposable_element_gene"^^xsd:string "163"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:antisense_RNA                                                "86"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:RNase_MRP_RNA                                                "36"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:tRNA_pseudogene                                              "28"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  obo:SO_0000385              "RNase_MRP_RNA"^^xsd:string             "18"^^xsd:integer
agro:ensembl.plants  agrold:ribozyme                                                     "16"^^xsd:integer

